You can also get online feedback on the content
of your speech using surveymonkey.com,
as we discussed earlier in this course.
This can be expensive,
but if it's a speech that could make your life,
or change your life, et cetera.
Make your career,
then it might be worth it.
It's up to you, okay?
It, one of the reasons that I'm actually making this course
that you're watching right now,
is that I sent out a surveymonkey.com survey
to all my Udemy students.
And many of my Udemy students, thank you,
told me that you're interested in a course like this one,
on giving presentations.
And the great thing about surveymonkey.com,
is that you can choose the appropriate
target market audience.
And you can ask for feedback on the content
or parts of a speech or anything, really.
Okay? It's really, really cool.
Alright, for example, if we wanted to,
we could create a survey similar to what we did earlier
in the course in order to solicit feedback on our speech.
And we can ask what titles work best, if applicable,
or what quotes to start a speech with, et cetera.
We can even ask the audience about their background,
or we can even customize the survey
so that our target audience is polled.
For example, finance professionals in a certain region.
Right?
And another cool feature is that you can,
you can AB test the content. Right?
This means allowing the audience to choose A or B
per this image.
Lastly, you could go to www.fiverr, that's five with two Rs.
And ask for feedback on the article version of your speech.
Okay?
And this one's a bit, little bit harder to do,
but...
If you find somebody on fiverr.com with great user reviews,
when it comes to giving feedback,
then it might be worth the shot asking for feedback
if this is a very important presentation for you.